it's finally here I'm so happy this is
embarrassing
[Music]
[Applause]
hey everyone and welcome back to my
channel if you're new here my name is
Mona
so today I'm filming an unboxing of a
new Erin Condren planner I'm so excited
to film as a oh I cannot believe that
this is happening
like I love planners I'm obsessed I just
want to preface this video by saying
that this is not sponsored I bought this
planner with my own money and this is an
honest review my own thoughts about what
I think about this planner now for
starters I just want to say that I
really love paper planner if you're one
of those people who can plan on their
phone or on their iPad or on some kind
of electronic device I've so much
respect for you and I think that that's
so cool
but for me it's kind of hard for me to
plan on electronic devices and stuff
like that because sometimes I like to
just jot down notes real quick or I like
to see it you know all out in front of
me and sometimes I kind of like the
messiness
but organization as well to see in front
of me for me I really like having a
physical tangible item that is just
meant for planning that way the planning
can stay planning you're going to need
because if I plan on my phone you know
my phone also has like all my apps and
all my text messages and emails and
things like that and some people they
like to have like a consolidated place
but for me I like to keep planning with
planning does that make sense but that's
just me you know do you whatever makes
you feel comfortable so this is my first
time ever ordering an Erin Condren
planner and before I bought it I did a
lot of research I watched a lot of
reviews I really tried to make sure that
I knew what I was doing because it is
not a cheap planner and over the years I
usually get a planner like at Walmart or
Target something that's really
inexpensive that I can jot down my
schedule and the things that I need to
do so I really wanted to try an Erin
Condren planner out just to see if I
liked it and it was something that I
wanted to continue to use in the future
so for my Erin Condren planner I just
ordered a planner a lot of reviews that
I watch they got like stickers and
a lot of these extra things that I
wasn't really quite sure about and I
didn't really want to order just because
this is my first time ordering with
Karen contracts you know so I literally
just ordered the planner and I think
there's like a couple of extra things
that come with it just because you're a
first-time buyer so that's what I
decided to do I just ordered as a
planner and that's what I said we're so
if you want to see a real genuine
unboxing of an Erin Condren planner from
a first-time buyer and just keep
watching I just got my Erin Condren
planner in the mail today also by the
way sorry if I sound kind of sick I'm
getting over a little bit of a cold I
got my Erin Condren planner today this
is the first time I've ever ordered from
Erin Condren I'm so excited I've been
waiting all day to open this box
alright let's see alright so the first
thing we see I thought it's a law on
other reviews that I watched you get
like a gift tag thing on this thing it
says the best way to get things done is
to begin I love that just like a quote
or looks like a postcard and just like
some other gift tag things pretty cool
this is really cute packaging I'm I'm
soaking this all right
Wow all right so this is just an initial
look of it I am I'm so impressed already
just from looking at it fishing the
quality I got the palm print once you
know why not because I love palm trees
alright just decided to go ahead and
clear some space for this I got the palm
nice cover and I love that these covers
are interchangeable because I'm always
changing my mind and you know what I
like Fred of CNN and stuff so I like
that these are interchangeable I mean I
got the rose gold binding which I
thought was a really cool feature and I
also got the 18 months planner as you
can see it's pretty sick well I can tell
and then comes with this like ruler
thing which is always nice and it just
pops out like this pretty cool
oh wow so I'd like this like a note
section and that comes with this planner
I've seen that there's like an adhesive
thing in here where you can put this and
then just pop it in here and have the
pouch and stuff which is pretty cool
I will go through within the pouch in a
little bit but right now let's just go
through the planner step aside so this
is really cool I really like this this
is a really good quality you can already
tell a paper is like almost cardstock
that's crazy really nice clothes so this
is the year and I bought two 18 months
ago from July this month all the way to
December of next year I got the neutral
design I just thought it was better just
because we know this is my first time
was wearing a question rod work with the
colors and stuff but is going to be like
but I still think it looks really good
they also provided this layout where
there's just like these boxes or you can
write your own stuff and I like how
there's not a lot of labeling or things
like that I can use my own words and my
own designs my own stickers to plan or
prepare whatever I feel like I need to
do and I love these planner pages before
the month it's just great so this is
what a month looks like in the neutral
design I think it looks so clean so
sweet I just I can't wait to do a plan
with me this is really good
all right this is what's a weekly view
looks like I got the vertical weekly
layout just because sometimes I like to
have the freedom to you know write to
things that I need I don't need to have
the times out or the horizontal layout
so this is really nice for mean it
really fit my schedule my design of
course whatever works for you works for
you I definitely love this this is so
nice
okay going towards the end so looks like
at the end there's these notes pages
where you can write notes they're things
that you need remember I really like
that feature there's also this grid page
which i think is really cool or no
expection okay so that's right this is
like a year at a glance for the coming
year which i think is a really good
feature just general plan ahead and
things like that
alright comes with some stickers here at
the end which is great just because I
got the basic package nothing extra this
is really good if I like these stickers
and maybe in the future I'll want to get
other stickers that are in content
offers rocks or stuff for like birthdays
reminders to do and you know they come
up really easily and they go I have like
some tag stuff more tags and stuff
sticker so you can put in
and it comes with a pocket folder which
is a really cool in another pocket
folder and then it has this little book
and I love the oil and it's really nice
oh it's oh it's just the perpetual
calendar I'm just to kind of plan
birthdays which is like that has a month
and then the days this is a really cool
I definitely like that this is the
keeper and then has the end and that's
the player so we're just going to go
over what's in this pouch this is just
really handy I really like this looks
like it comes with some little quote
cards which are really nice and like
them really good quality oh and this
would be adhesive thing that I was
talking about it's like a little coupon
thing more tags gift tagging they're so
cute I really like them
birthday tags yes that's it alright guys
I really hoped you liked that unboxing I
love this planner like so far I really
love it
I feel the unboxing a couple weeks ago
that way I could kind of try out the
planner and so far I love it it is
absolutely amazing so I got the 18 month
planner and some of you might be like
wanna why'd you get the 18 month planner
this is your first time ever ordering
from Erin Condren and I'm just like
you're right but there's a reason behind
it so for those of you who don't know
I'm actually a college student and this
is my last year of school for those of
you who are in school I feel like most
of us maybe not all of us the most of us
kind of live our lives from like August
to August
generally mean or September to September
depending on when your school starts and
that's how I like you know I kind of
like live my life from start of one
school year to the start of the next
school year it's kind of like normal
people who don't have to go to school
live their lives from January to
December maybe I'm alone in this I have
no idea when I've done the school you
know I'm not going to be living my life
from August August I finished school in
April of 2018 by the way side note Erin
Condren offers a planner that is like
for the school year and I thought it on
getting that one but then it ends in
August or July or whatever month ends in
which is like the middle of the year and
then I'd be done with school if they
don't have to like get another planner
because they don't have to go to school
more I kind of want my planners to be
from January to December so my planner
starts in July and it goes all the way
to December of 2018 that way in 2019 I
go buy new planner in January I start
living my life from January to December
because I'm not going to be school more
little sense probably really long
explanation that doesn't really matter
so I totally love this planner I've been
using it for about three weeks now and
I'm just really enjoying it like it I
feel motivated I feel passionate I love
planning I mean I love planning before
but I'm just oh my heart I just love it
it's so cute I don't I don't know I just
love this planner so much and I know
I've been using it for a few weeks and
it just brings so much happiness to my
soul and as you can tell I don't use
like a ton of stickers like everybody
does if you watch a lot of planners muse
which I totally love watching those like
I would say box pan with me but I just
don't use a lot of stickers because it's
a little bit distracting for me if you
guys want to see a plan with me got in
comment below know salable plan with me
is pretty simple minimal icon just write
down the things that I need and that's
pretty much it when I want to comes to
planning I do like to keep it neat and I
do like to keep it cute but I do not
like to use a ton of stickers that's
just me not dogging on the sticker usage
you do your thing alright everybody I
think that's it for this video I really
hope you liked the unboxing and the
review of the Erin Condren planner like
I said before if you want to see plan
with me go ahead and comment below and I
will do one my planning style is pretty
simple so if you guys want to see one I
will totally film one for you and I
think that's it I will see you guys in
my next video
I'll be
enter very hot under that I can be basil
beloved and pipa entity
[Music]